you got a lot of just you know music in
a field but we want this to be something
that's got something for everybody it's
got a really nice atmosphere everyone's
like really friendly amazing very very
fun lots of good bands just too big and
you don't get to see anything soon like
you get so many different types of
people here they'd still find something
to love and I think that's really
unusual so yeah really lovely nice five
nice crowd this festival is quite cool
everyone seems quite relaxed I mean
everyone's got the right attitude here
the minute so there's a really good fun
really muddy really good fun festival in
fairness has got all the things you need
to have a really good festival just
general atmosphere really plenty of
these elite random people in our to pile
you know